What a long week it has been. Instead of one big thing that has surprised me about being a parent, there are many little things that made the whole experience unexpected. It’s a little harder than I originally thought it would be to keep track of a baby that doesn’t move. There were times where I panicked just to find that it was right next to me the whole time. Babies are heavier than, even though this one was just a 5 pound flour bag so it couldn’t have been more than like 7 pounds and eating food while holding a baby is more difficult than I expected. Having to carry it around everywhere made me realize how hard it would be to carry around a 10 pound moving, crying child. Another, not so negative thing that surprised me was other people’s interest in the baby. While, some people wanted to hold the baby, others tried to mess with it. I am now realizing how much more time, attention and effort a baby requires than what I thought before. It goes to show everything that my parents had to have done in order to raise me when I was a child, and this was while they were also raising my brother. 
\n
Over the course of these past two weeks, I learned the average milestone timeline of a child and the importance of giving even a flour baby attention. Before this, I didn’t know when children start to walk or count and this like that and I didn’t think that a flour baby would need much attention. This just shows that babies need even more attention than I thought. This tells me that I should pay more attention things that I can’t afford to forget. One other thing that I learned is the inconvenience of procrastinating; I should really stop delaying writing things like this blog.
\n
Raising this flour baby was more similar than I thought at first. I feel like having to write about it like it was a real baby definitely made it feel more real. Always having to carry it around, never letting it leave my sight, and making sure nobody did anything to it, were some other similarities. Of course there were many differences as well. For one, it did not move or make any noise and it did not require any food. It was also less endearing than a real child would have been, so I feel like I cared less about it. I probably also should have made it look less creepy than I did. It also did not actually grow over the course of the “3 years” that I was taking care of it, so it looked like an infant the entire time. Describing it like it could run around and pretending that it needed things it didn’t was kind of strange. I feel like the biggest challenge of being a single teen dad, aside from financial issues, would be having to carry the baby around in all of my classes and having to deal with crying in the middle of class. 
